---
layout: page
title: About
---

On January 1, 2019, material published in the United States in 1923 entered the public domain after a twenty-year delay due to the extension of copyright terms by Congress. Among the many works of art, film, literature, and music is [Robert Frost's *New Hampshire*](https://archive.org/details/NewHampshireRobertFrost1923/page/n9) , the collection of poetry that won him a Pulitzer Prize the following year. The poems in this [now-iconic collection](https://everybodyslibraries.com/2018/12/31/public-domain-day-advent-calendar-31-new-hampshire-by-robert-frost/) evoke a place with rocky soils, harsh winters, and the humble, yet determined, Americans who lived there. However, long before New Hampshire was part of the United States,  it comprised part of indigenous Abenaki territory. The Abenaki refer to the land they belong to as ndakinna, meaning "our land." Its abundant plants and animals nourished Abenaki peoples, and its rivers and streams linked together kin across the vast region. The landscape served as the setting for stories that gave people a common identity, entertained them during long winter nights, and instructed the next generation how to live properly.  This project addresses the silencing of Abenaki voices in the literary, geographical, and metaphorical *New Hampshire* through a variety of digital projects,presented together in a website designed with low barriers to entry and access (ie. minimal computing). By putting voices of New Hampshire’s native people in conversation with Robert Frost’s *New Hampshire*, we hope to engage Abenaki poets, scholars, artists, storytellers, language specialists, and culture carriers. In the spirit of digital humanities projects, ours will be a collaborative effort and will take its shape from the varied interests of Praxis team members and collaborators. For example, contemporary indigenous poets could  record themselves reading excerpts of poems, which will then be integrated into digital editions. Language specialists might then translate those poems into Abenaki for presentation online using typeface reconstructed from the original 1923 edition. An interactive map could  overlay the Abenaki and English names for places referenced in Frost's poems. In addition to a digital format, we plan to engage the public through programming such as readings of both newly commissioned poems and Frost's poetry by Abenaki authors held at the University of Virginia and local public libraries. Each project will also be explained step-by-step in a teaching guide that will include advice on navigating copyright law. As we believe that the cultural commons should be protected and expanded, we hope to empower scholars and members of the general public to engage the variety of public-domain material now widely available online.